Task/store last measure (#1670)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/admin.md

size that the application will handle. This default limit for ioiotagnets are 1Mb. So, if your IotAgent receives a
request with a body that exceeds this limit, the application will throw a “Error: Request entity too large”.

The 1Mb default can be changed setting the `expressLimit` configuration parameter (or equivalente `IOTA_EXPRESS_LIMIT`
environment variable).

#### `storeLastMeasure`

If this flag is activated, last measure arrived to Device IoTAgent without be processed will be stored in Device under

> lastMeasure field with in timestamp. This flag is disabled by default.

Reviewer: Maybe an example on how the measure is stored would be helpful. By the "will be stored in Device under
lastMeasure field with in timestamp" it is not fully clear (e.g. is a sub-JSON object used for that)?

Author: Done in https://github.com/telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib/pull/1670/commits/1f6f3f4f481082c84f8970669e4c816aa5df5c24

size that the application will handle. This default limit for ioiotagnets are 1Mb. So, if your IotAgent receives a
request with a body that exceeds this limit, the application will throw a “Error: Request entity too large”.

The 1Mb default can be changed setting the `expressLimit` configuration parameter (or equivalente `IOTA_EXPRESS_LIMIT`
environment variable).

#### `storeLastMeasure`

> If this flag is activated, last measure arrived to Device IoTAgent without be processed will be stored in Device under
> lastMeasure field with in timestamp. This flag is overwritten by `storeLastMeasure` flag in group or device. This flag
> is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this flag is activated, last measure arrived to Device IoTAgent without be processed will be stored in Device under
`lastMeasure` field (composed of sub-fields `timestamp` and `measure` for the measure itself, in multi-measure format). This flag is overwritten by `storeLastMeasure` flag in group or device. This flag
is disabled by default.
```

For example in a device document stored in MongoDB will be extended with a subdocument named lastMeasure like this:

```json
{
    "lastMeasure": {
        "timestamp": "2025-01-09T10:35:33.079Z",
        "measure": [
            [
                {
                    "name": "level",
                    "type": "Text",

>                     "value": "33"

Reviewer: Maybe using an actual number is closer to real use cases? I mean:

```suggestion
                    "value": 33
```
